In this video we're going to take a look at how to set up our environment for get a sentence on Mac
and the next I'm on the Mac operating system but if you're on Linux the instructions are essentially
the same.
So you go ahead to Anaconda distribution and you download it from Anaconda dot com slash download.
Now if you're on Linux it's highly recommended that you do not use the built in Python interpreter but
install Anaconda.
It's going to make your life a lot easier.
So you'll go to your download page and download Python three point six game two point seven works but
three point six is the recommended one you download it and install as per the instructions.
It's a simple process of heading next after next.
So once you have the anaconda distribution installed you need to go to a terminal and in any folder
that you want you want to enter the command install virtual in.
So this is going to install virtually and repackage for you.
And what you're in these highly recommended if you want to work with machine learning because for a
lot of prototypes they're going to ask for a specific version of a library.
And if you install that Virgin is going to mess up the rest of the system.
So you want to be in a virtual environment which perhaps everything up in a bubble.
So whatever you do within that virtual environment is going to stay within that which you might like.
So we need to install what you need me.
I've already installed which within me so it's going to say a refinement to be satisfied.
But if you just started by then three point six it's going to set it up for you.
After that you want to a fortune in wheat and cactus.
So it is going to create a new virtual environment by the name of of in the current working directory.
Again I've already created this which would in wheat.
So you should enter.
I'm going to hit backspace.
And then we offer the virtual environment has been set up you need to do this for you.
Now what you want to do is you want to activate it in order to activate it to see a source then slash
activate within this gets formed within you watch it and then for that it's going to activate your environment
and the indication of that is that it's going to be the environment name over here.
Now we want to install Jupiter tend to flow and get us all three of them to enter and they should be
installed.
So I wanted to install them so it's saying all the requirements are satisfied.
And for you it will go ahead and it started off the Internet.
Once you have that you want to start to get a notebook and this is going to start up our Jupiter notebook
and our default problem browser and you will see that we have on the phone over here.
Now what you want to do is you want to go ahead and download the zip file which includes all the notebooks
and the courses on here and you want to copy all three of these
and paste them in your virtual environment that you just created.
So so that they are available for you over here and then you can go ahead and take a look at this in
order to test that the environment is working you got a new and Python 3 and simply insert one come
on over here.
So you say in import it's important to get us or shift it enter.
And if it works fine even though it's saying something about it in conflict for I think three point
sixty three point seventy three point five and three point six.
It's just a warning and it's it's fine if you get this one.
So we got this output over here.
No error that means we're fine.
Now the environment is setup and we can go ahead and start doing some code.